sysbuild: Add support for OpenThread (#21)
nordicjm/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/thread/certification.rst

#. Build the certification image.

>    Use the :ref:`ot_cli_sample` sample as a base, apply the ``ci`` and ``multiprotocol`` snippets and if building for ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340`` target, set :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_MULTIPROTOCOL_RPMSG` flag.

Reviewer: this is a hwmv1 name

Author: fixed

>    Use the :ref:`ot_cli_sample` sample as a base, apply the ``ci`` and ``multiprotocol`` snippets and if building for ``nrf5340dk/nrf5340/cpuapp`` target, set :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_MULTIPROTOCOL_RPMSG` flag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Use the :ref:`ot_cli_sample` sample as a base and apply the ``ci`` and ``multiprotocol`` snippets.
   If you are building for the ``nrf5340dk/nrf5340/cpuapp`` target, also set the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_MULTIPROTOCOL_RPMSG` Kconfig option to ``y``.
```

   * If building on the command line, use the following command:

     .. code-block::

        cd ncs/nrf/samples/openthread/cli/
        west build -b nrf52840dk/nrf52840 -- -Dcli_SNIPPET="ci;multiprotocol"  -DCONFIG_OPENTHREAD_LIBRARY=y

   * If building using Visual Studio Code, you must first `create and build the application <How to build an application_>`_ using the CLI sample.
     Add the following lines to the **Additional CMake arguments** text field:

     .. code-block::

        -Dcli_SNIPPET="ci;multiprotocol"
        -DCONFIG_OPENTHREAD_LIBRARY=y

   .. note::
      The configuration option selects the precompiled OpenThread libraries.

>       The ``multiprotocol`` snippet and :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_MULTIPROTOCOL_RPMSG` flag enable :ref:`multiprotocol support <ug_multiprotocol_support>` with Bluetooth® LE advertising.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      The ``multiprotocol`` snippet and the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_MULTIPROTOCOL_RPMSG` Kconfig option enable :ref:`multiprotocol support <ug_multiprotocol_support>` with Bluetooth® LE advertising.
```
